#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==24.3.0
    # via aiohttp
azure-ai-inference==1.0.0b6
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-core==1.32.0
    # via azure-ai-inference
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.27.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-ai-inference
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.147
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.23.2
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
neo4j==5.27.0
    # via neomodel
neomodel==5.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
openai==1.36.1
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.10.12
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.0.0
    # via sentence-transformers
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.10.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   neo4j
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.0
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.5.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.47.1
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   azure-ai-inference
    #   azure-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
